hello friends today we offer you a video of
anatomy on the hand which we
will serve to know a little more about
our anatomy and will also serve
I support all students who
need to learn about it during the
video we specialize only in
the bony part and articulate remarking the
structures and joints more
important if you want information about
the anatomy of the muscles and nerves or
We recommend you action directed to the
second video that we will soon publish the
hand is the most distal part of our
arm is characterized by having a large
functionality and variety of movements
the bones of the hand are divided into eight
short bones that make up the field
five long bones that make up the
metacarpus
and 14 also long bones that are called
phalanges in addition between meta casposos
phalanges we can find some bones
very curious called sesamoid the
set of these bones make up the
Anatomical region of the hand starting
always from a base position
anatomical in which the subject is
standing with the palms of the
hands forward we will describe the
bones from outside to inside the
eight bones of the carpus are arranged in two
rows the first row of them what
make up the scaphoid
I was mole
pyramidal and pee and shape
the second row is made up of
the trapezoid trapezius
and big bone
and hooks
the carpus in addition to articulating all his
bones with each other in their closest part
is articulated with the radio but not with
the ulna since the joint surface
they make up the triangular ligament or
yellow
through the distal end the carpus
articulates with the metacarpus shaped by
five long bones formed like all
the long bones by a diocese or
body and two epiphyses or limbs that
they are articulated on both sides last
the phalanges articulate with the goal
carbon we have three on each finger
except on the thumb where
we only have two we can name
in the order in which we
we found the closest
towards us the first phalanx
then the second and third phalanx
and finally we have to name the
sesamoid bones if it's about
small bony balls embedded in
the tendons and they serve as pulley or
point of support when making
movements from the point of view
articulate it is worth noting the articulation
metacarpal trapezius that is performed
between the trapeze and the metacarpus of
thumb this joint is
It distinguishes from the rest has greater
functionality
and thus enhancing the clamp function
that our thumb has
in relation to fractures that occur
more often in our hand it fits
highlight the fragility of the scaphoid the
scaphoid is a bone that normally
it is very poorly vascularized what
that gives it a huge fragility
it is enough to have a quality supporting
our wrist or palm of the hand to
that this bone ends fractured in the
most of the times the
consolidation of a fracture
scaphoid is quite complicated for its
poor vascularization
I would also like to highlight the fracture
of the fifth metal the fifth metal is the
corresponding to the little finger the most
sensitive and fragile of all the fracture
of this metal is called fracture of the
boxer since on numerous occasions
we can have a fracture when performing
a direct hit with our fist is
fracture also takes place when
we hit a wall or a table with rage
once known this basic anatomy of
the hand we recommend you to visualize
also the video that talks about his
musculature innervation movements
if you liked the video consider
share them with all people
close to you share wellness and health
and help all those people who
have a problem similar to yours with
physiotherapy available to everyone
physiotherapy your reach